Sara:  I would like to focus on public transit in Staten Island, including buses and railways. Public transit in Staten Island is unique in that not all places have access to adequate or any public transit and transit that is working almost never shows up on time or does not run often enough. A growing population means we need more adequate public transit. This also serves to address the traffic problem on major roadways in a borough that is more car-oriented.

Ariel:  transit on SI

Patricia Ann:  As a Staten Island resident, I think there should be improvements made to the public transit (buses and the Staten Island railway) in my borough. Therefore, I would like to focus on public transit in Staten Island. 

Ellie:  The borough that I would like to focus on is Staten Island, because there are invaluable topics that have yet to be addressed in this Seminar. The topic that I would like to research includes expanding the current means of transportation that the island utilizes, as there are not many diverse options. There is only one train line that transverses the island, and it only runs from north to south on the island. Multiple bus lines crisscross the island, however some of the bus lines need reforming to accommodate for the numbers of individuals that use the system. An example of this is the S57 bus line, which provides very poor service and is incredibly unreliable. By focusing on a transit problem, and providing a solution to remedy it, I believe that I can improve quality of life for residents on Staten Island and propose solutions that would prove worthwhile in future development of the island. 

Kelly: I would like to focus on transportation issues in Staten Island. There is one train line that runs vertically across the island, which, quite frankly, is not very good and services very few people. The existing bus lines are few and far between, and most of what does run is of low quality or could be improved in some way, be it by giving a different track or removing it all together.

Keri:  750-mile Empire State Trail

Daisy:  I'm passionate about bicycling and would like to focus on increasing bike infrastructure in the city.  (Sample topic:  where should the next 10 miles of bike lane be added in the city.) 
Queens, Brooklyn, Manhattan

Housing:  Queens
Jane Chen
Jamie Fung
Ahalya Sanjiv
James Wong
Vincent

Housing: Manhattan
AJ Chico
Kenny (or Bronx)